[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#646)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/extensions/MatrixHelperEx.md

# MatrixHelperEx

> [!WARNING]

> > This type has been removed from the Windows Community Toolkit, please use the [`MatrixExtensions`](/windows/communitytoolkit/extensions/matrixextensions) type instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This type has been removed from the Windows Community Toolkit, please use the [MatrixExtensions](/dotnet/api/microsoft.toolkit.uwp.ui.extensions.matrixextensions) type instead.
```

## API Source Code

> - MatrixHelperEx source code `(https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.0/Microsoft.Toolkit/Extensions/Media/MatrixHelperEx.cs)`

Reviewer 2: Invalid link, possible markdown typos

Reviewer: Older version available: https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/6.1.1/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI/Extensions/Media/MatrixHelperEx.cs

@michael-hawker
